# Meetings

## 20th October 2021 - After Town Hall

![Cohort Improvements - Community](<.gitbook/assets/2021-10-26 (14).png>)

In the After Town Hall of the 20th October 2021, a breakout session entitled "Cohort Improvements" presented a collaborative initiative to discuss, develop and document Catalyst Auditing.

Participants included - George Lovegrove, Lucio Coire, Robert O'Brian, Stephen Whitenstall, psuzzi,

The following actions came out of this meeting :

### (A) Language Preparation (Quest for Taxonomy) <a href="docs-internal-guid-1cfd680d-7fff-fd81-7678-dcc4c22463c3" id="docs-internal-guid-1cfd680d-7fff-fd81-7678-dcc4c22463c3"></a>

1. **Completed**: Creating Spreadsheet of all Funded Proposals since Fund 3/4 - Lucio
2. **In Progress** : Asking the CAs & vCAs + T\&Ms to describe the proposals - Victor & Felix
3. **In Progress:** Easy Proposal description ( find patterns and archetypes ) (single word/tag)
4. **In Progress** : Creating Tag library

### (B) Onboarding Proposers to Reporting Tooling (Github?)

**In Progress** : Which Groups are on board for the reporting initiative - Felix

### (C) Front End - OKR>KPI Aggregate Reporting

1. **Pending **: What are the form templates/tags -

### (D) Infrastructure

1. **Pending **: Setup Auditability GitHub Organisation and invite team - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall
2. **In progress** : Setup Auditability GitBook or Hugo Docsy (to explain and document what we are doing) - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall / George Lovegrove
3. **Pending **: Start to build Repo templates for reporting - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall

### Source Document :

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QYN89bnd2Wi6Mp3MkeWm6wPMWK1ch_wTAuShKUgmBEw/edit?usp=sharing" %}
