# Questions to answer

### Upcoming auditing meeting thoughts

* **1) Dedicated auditing Discord chat** - Both IOG and community should use or at least be aware of a dedicated chat for talking about auditing
  * Is Swarm the best location for this in the short term? a Discord for Catalyst Circles may make sense where there are channels for each circle to do with governance of Catalyst?&#x20;
  * Potential suggestion - All Catalyst related circles could include a GitBook with info / meetings and content, A chat in a Discord server dedicated to Catalyst circles and then also each have their own regular meetings.
* **2) Meeting dates should be fixed** - Lack of attendance by anyone shouldn't impact a meeting being carried out, progress can be performed by attending members and those who can't attend can leave input for the meeting ahead of time and catch up afterwards
* **3) Give feedback on analysis for current auditing process** - Do IOG and others agree that the data that can be omitted is correct or should it be re-considered?
* **4) IOG feedback on data model** - The community will implement a reporting process against the data model that gets finalised. IOG should provide their thoughts and expertise on this before more effort goes into realising it.
* **5) Auditing circle fund 7 proposal **- It will make sense to create a proposal for the auditing group to get funds from the treasury to pay for work carried out in the auditing team.

****



