# Questions to answer

* **Proposer identity -** We don't need to add proposer identity data to reports however we do need to verify that the proposer submitting the report should be able to do so. In an ideal world they have a DID attached to the proposal that just needs to be verified and the submitted report is signed by the person who owns one of the relevant DIDs. For the short term trial we can skip over these problems by using a trusted collection of participants.
* **Project structure for reporting** - Should project structures for reporting be used by everyone or are they optional? The data model and any system would need to cater for the flexibility if projects should be optional.&#x20;
* **Progress status** - A status value based off a set of fixed value options offers a simple way to mark what is happening in the project rather than that being hidden in a textual format. This helps give an overview of all of the projects in the ecosystem and which ones are not started, blocked, in progress or completed. The key question is here is the best way to structure the types to cater for projects that haven't started yet - should this be included as a type or is it inferred by there not being a report? There's a few ways to data model this.
* **Progress vs upcoming work** - There could be one text field to give an overview update for the proposal or proposal milestone part of the reporting that covers both the progress just done and what is coming next. This information could also be separate. What work has been done as information is more important than what is upcoming as that can change quickly. Specifying what you are doing next adds friction to the reporting process and may not add a ton of value. If the community was going to flag a proposal team for not executing it would be based off of their progress information and not what they specify as upcoming work. This provides merit to combining the two values&#x20;
* **Milestones** - Milestones aren't a part of the existing Ideascale process so adds difficulty in adding them at this stage. These could be left out in the short term until we can improve the proposal data structures?
* **Success and issue types** - The types can be useful for added information, especially for data analysis, to see what projects are struggling or succeeding on most in the ecosystem which in turn could help drive solutions to common problems teams are facing. This list of types needs properly reviewing in more detail to get the right taxonomy for grouping them.&#x20;
* **Keeping KPI and progress report separate** - There is merit to keeping the KPI report and progress report separate as the cadence of the reporting could be different. Once project may want to report KPI values once a month where as another may want to report them daily. A KPI report also may be automated by an API call that gets verified and sends the data after a period of time.
