---
description: Community Development of Catalyst Auditing
---

# Overview

Welcome to Catalyst Auditing where the community are coming together to discuss, develop and document Catalyst Auditing of the Funded Cohort (Catalyst Co-Ordinators).

## Background

### Improve and Grow Auditability Challenge

![](<.gitbook/assets/2021-10-26 (13).png>)

In August 2021, Project Catalyst Fund 6 introduced an [**Improve and Grow Auditability**](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26119) Challenge (originally conceived by Rodrigo Pacini) with the brief :

> How to make the auditing process of funded proposals efficient, distributed and transparent?



A number of proposals including : &#x20;

[PACE: Proposal completion reports](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/dtd/PACE-Proposal-completion-reports/367498-48088)&#x20;

[PACE: Proposal media content ](./#background)

[PACE: Proposal progress updates](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/dtd/PACE-Proposal-progress-updates/367266-48088)&#x20;

[Treasury & Catalyst Proposal API ](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/dtd/Treasury-Catalyst-Proposal-API/366965-48088)

[Auditing African Proposals, by WADA](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/dtd/Auditing-African-Proposals-by-WADA/366865-48088)

[Distributed Auditability - Quality Assurance DAO](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/dtd/Distributed-Auditability/366707-48088)

were submitted to this challenge.

### After Town Hall - 20th October 2021

![Cohort Improvements - Community ](<.gitbook/assets/2021-10-26 (14).png>)

In the After Town Hall of the 20th October 2021, a breakout session entitled "Cohort Improvements" presented a collaborative initiative to discuss, develop and document Catalyst Auditing.

Participants included - George Lovegrove, Lucio Coire, Robert O'Brian, Stephen Whitenstall, psuzzi,&#x20;

The following actions came out of this meeting :

#### (A) Language Preparation (Quest for Taxonomy) <a href="docs-internal-guid-1cfd680d-7fff-fd81-7678-dcc4c22463c3" id="docs-internal-guid-1cfd680d-7fff-fd81-7678-dcc4c22463c3"></a>

1. **Completed **: Creating Spreadsheet of all Funded Proposals since Fund 3/4 - Lucio
2. **In Progress** : Asking the CAs & vCAs + T\&Ms to describe the proposals - Victor & Felix
3. **In Progress:** Easy Proposal description ( find patterns and archetypes ) (single word/tag)
4. **In Progress** : Creating Tag library

#### (B) Onboarding Proposers to Reporting Tooling (Github?)

In Progress : Which Groups are on board for the reporting initiative - Felix

#### (C) Front End - OKR>KPI Aggregate Reporting

1. **Pending : **What are the form templates/tags -&#x20;

#### (D) Infrastructure

1. **Pending : **Setup Auditability GitHub Organisation and invite team - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall&#x20;
2. **In progress : **Setup Auditability GitBook or Hugo Docsy (to explain and document what we are doing) - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall / George Lovegrove
3. **Pending : **Start to build Repo templates for reporting - Robert O’Brien / Stephen Whitenstall&#x20;

#### Source Document :

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QYN89bnd2Wi6Mp3MkeWm6wPMWK1ch_wTAuShKUgmBEw/edit?usp=sharing" %}
